---
layout: post
title:  "Trans Coming Out Simulator 2018 is now in English version!"
date:   2018-10-31 02:30
---

Sorry for being late! Due to the delay of translating english version, It was distributed almost 1 month later to the release of Korean version.
(Anyway, It is a good thing it released before 2018.)

I would like to talk some things about Trans Coming Out Simulator 2018 in this post.

# The Color
I firstly thought about the color of trans flag, pink, white and sky-blue. But it was quite bright compared to the story…and it was hard to read. So I’ve changed the color, slightly darker.
Just to notice that it was actually based on the trans flag.

# The hate speech
The hate speech I’ve ever heard is more than that. However, I’ve excluded some of them. Also, I do not want anyone to use or reproduce those hate speech to other trans people. I tried hard to refute all of the hate speeches in my story.

Coming out may not finish at once. I also told my parents three or four times (and I think I’ll have to say more.) Moreover, I really want to be myself every time, but I think I should pretend what they want a little more. Instead, I’m very lucky to be able to speak whatever I want in a game. Thanks.

Thank you again
Nicky Case, who made a great game and give the open source.
D-D for helping me with the MTF scenario.
Code for the English translation.
Demi who gave advice about programming
Beta players who gave the valuable opinion after playing my game

and thanks to you all, for playing Trans Coming Out Simulator 2018.

Life gets better, together.

Wish you all the best , Raul
